feat: use log_level in dashboard queries (#1289)
splunk/addonfactory-ucc-generator: docs/dashboard.md

* Errors in the add-on.
* Resource consumption.

> **IMPORTANT**: To fully use the panels available on the monitoring dashboard, use the `solnlib.log`'s [`events_ingested` function](https://github.com/splunk/addonfactory-solutions-library-python/blob/v4.14.0/solnlib/log.py#L253), to record events.

Reviewer: Should not we update the link?

```suggestion
**IMPORTANT**: To fully use the panels available on the monitoring dashboard, use the `solnlib.log`'s [`events_ingested` function](https://github.com/splunk/addonfactory-solutions-library-python/blob/v5.2.0/solnlib/log.py#L280), to record events.
```
